# CS305

The client in this project was Artemis Financial, which is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for its customers. Artemis was wanting the most current and effective software security for its public web interface. The part that I did well when finding software security vulnerabilities was identifying them and locating the false positives and knowing what needed addressed. Coding securely is very important to a company’s overall well-being because it can protect them from vulnerabilities that could be introduced from errors in the code or by not using the most updated versions of software. One of the parts of the vulnerability assessment that I found helpful was identifying the areas of security, this was helpful because I knew what to be looking for prior to doing the static testing. The ways that I increased the security was by incorporating a checksum using a SHA-256 cipher, as well as creating a certificate and using it. I made sure that I didn’t introduce new vulnerabilities by reviewing my code without a bias and running a new dependency check, this showed me that there were now new vulnerabilities based on the refactoring I did. The resources that I used to complete this task online web pages and the book that was provided by the class. The items that I would show a future employer in regards would be the ability to identify areas of security within an application and manually review it to find vulnerabilities. Another item would be the ability to complete a static review and identify false positives and suppress them. I also created a Certificate that was able to be used for the web application and successfully coded the SHA-256 cipher creating an hash for encription. 
